docs: fix minor typos in pre-bundling guides (#21867)
vitejs/vite: docs/guide/dep-pre-bundling.md

2. **Performance:** Vite converts ESM dependencies with many internal modules into a single module to improve subsequent page load performance.

>    Some packages ship their ES modules builds as many separate files importing one another. For example, [`lodash-es` has over 600 internal modules](https://unpkg.com/browse/lodash-es/)! When we do `import { debounce } from 'lodash-es'`, the browser fires off 600+ HTTP requests at the same time! Even though the server has no problem handling them, the large amount of requests can create network congestion on the browser side, causing the page to load noticeably slower.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Some packages ship their ES modules builds as many separate files importing one another. For example, [`lodash-es` has over 600 internal modules](https://unpkg.com/browse/lodash-es/)! When we do `import { debounce } from 'lodash-es'`, the browser fires off 600+ HTTP requests at the same time! Even though the server has no problem handling them, the large number of requests creates network congestion on the browser side, causing the page to load noticeably slower.
```
